README.md, before:

# Design Decisions

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

Commit message:

readme with the Required Information

README.md, after:

# Design Decisions

The project is SPA where it request API to Weatherstack API built in React

<center><h3>Repository Contents by Project Task</h3> </center>

| Module                    | Status | Description                                                   |
|---------------------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| User Inputs               | Done   | User enters the city and press enter                          |
| Weather Details           | Done   | Details to be displayed as requested temp humidity wind speed |
| Responsive user interface | Done   | Practiced                                                     |

<br>

<center> <h2>General Use</h2> </center>

#####  Syntax
Steps After cloning the repo:

       move to project directory
     npm install
     npm run start
     Then you can start your request for weather
    



> **Note**
>
> Error handling was performed with try and catch mechanism
> Api Requests were handled with Axios
